--- README for Flowers:

This is a mostly-rewrite of Ironzorg's flowers mod, using more recent features 
in the game, to make the code perform better.

Dependencies: none (just the game's default stuff)

License:  cc-by-sa 3.0 for the textures, WTFPL for everything else.

--- README for Jungle Grass:

Since recent versions of Minetest no longer contain jungle biomes, and 
hence no jungle grass, I created this mod to re-add said grass back into 
the game, with a twist: There are now four different sizes of grasses, 
all of which yield a single junglegrass object when gathered (so all 
four sizes may be used where jungle grass is called for).  The largest 
size uses the game's standard jungle grass node, while the others are 
defined by this mod.

Junglegrass will spawn on dirt, grass, sand, desert sand and the tops of 
papyrus and cactus (though rarely), and will do so anywhere in the map.  
Grass on the ground will grow and eventually die (or turn into dry 
shrubs, in the desert), given enough time.

Adjusting the overall spawn/growth rate is easily done by tweaking the 
MAX_RATIO variable at the top of init.lua.  A larger value results in 
less frequent events.

Dependencies: none (just the game's default stuff)

License:  cc-by-sa 3.0 for the textures, WTFPL for everything else.

--- README for Poison Ivy:

This is a mod for minetest and its forks to add poison ivy.

Ivy will spawn on dirt or grass, and in some cases, on vertical 
surfaces, trees, and jungle trees where they meet the dirt or grass.  
Ivy previously spawned will occasionally grow taller/thicker or start 
climbing up said vertical surfaces and trees.

At present, the plants present little more than an annoyance - they can 
only be cut down and either re-planted or thrown away.  No damage is 
done by harvesting them, yet. ;-)

Mod based on ironzorg's flowers mod; I left the spawn rates the same so 
the plants don't take over your world (in fact, they may take a few 
day/night cycles before you start to notice them).  If you want a really 
overgrown environment just lower the MAX_RATIO and GROWING_DELAY 
variables at the top of init.lua.

Textures hand-drawn by me (16x16px).

License: WTFPL (applies to all parts)

Depends: None.

No crafting recipes (didn't see a point :-) ).


